 https://codepen.io/AM10AC17/pen/OJRVKMV
 
 
 
 1. What is Semantic HTML? Info on what’s inside, gives description
    2. What is HTML used for? used to create webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Defines characteristics of an html element, placed inside opening tags
    4. What is the h1 tag used for?  How many times should I use it on a page? Heading and once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? Images and links
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? links ad scripts to add them all together
    7. What is an id? Selector from one specific thing
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? Selector for multiple things
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? By adding target=“_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Provides alternative info for an image if a user cannot view it for some reason
    15. How do I reference an id? #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Div is just a box, section defines the section of a page
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page? h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one? class can be used for multiple elements and id can only be used for one. use a class for every p on the page and id for just a single p
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selecting the first element nested
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? styles differently when hovering over
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-heighth
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? Div{ 1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? cd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm
    34. Why should I use version control? because it manages changes and shows who made the changes
    35. How often should I commit to github? everytime you make a change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u orgin (name of file)
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, clone, own branch, complete assignment, add, commit, push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?inline just around a certain part and block takes up whole block of page
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? overlaps everything else
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? display: flex property
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default. display block: div, article and address. display inline: span, a  display inline-block: button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? margin: invisible area, background space padding:area arounnd text, border: style border outsisde paddings